Files or folders marked XX are not tracked by git and need to be downloaded and copied into this folder prior to running the pipeline.

`ArctosData_43FA2173A0.csv`- Arctos records search results, searching for "Lepus townsendii" on April 2, 2020. 

`GBIF/`- Records form GBIF search for WTJR records. Helpfully, GBIF creates a reproducible DOI with all the details: https://doi.org/10.15468/dl.5rne5a.

`Ltownsendii_database_FINAL.xlsx`- Excel spreadsheet of all the WTJR occurrence records used for phenotypic modelling of winter white vs. winter brown.

XX`rasterstack4cov.tif`- This raster file contains the data on snow cover used for phenotypic prediction of current WTJR winter coat color. It comes from Mills et al. 2018, published in Science 359(6379):1033-1036, "Winter color polymorphisms identify global hot spots for evolutionary rescue from climate change". See that paper for full details on how the snow cover metric was derived. This file can be downloaded from Dryad (https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.8m0p1), and should then be copied into the raw_data folder. 

`sample_coordinates_74individuals.txt`- Text file of the coordinates of the individuals sampled for genomic sequencing. 

`SRT/`- This folder contains the snow residence time (SRT) data for current and future climate conditions, and come from the US National Forest Service Climate Change Maps project: https://www.fs.fed.us/rm/boise/AWAE/projects/NFS-regional-climate-change-maps/categories/us-raster-layers.html. 

`vertnet_leptownsendii_allrecords_apr2_2020.txt`- A list of Lepus townsendii records, downloaded from VertNet on April 2, 2020.

`wc0.5/`- This folder is not tracked in Git, but is generated by the `prep_bioclim_data.R` script. It contains enivronmental data downloaded from the BioClim database. The version of these data that were used for the published analysis is available in a compressed .zip archive on FIGSHARE HERE. **N.B.**- These file are large, and will take up ~3Gb of space when uncompressed.

XX`worldclim_projections_2080s/`- This folder is not tracked in Git, as the files were too large. It contains future projection data of Bioclim variables 2 and 3 for the 2080s from 5 climate models from the CMIP5 set of climate projections. These files were download from here: http://ccafs-climate.org/data_spatial_downscaling/. The files are in a compressed .zip archive available on FIGSHARE HERE. **N.B.**- These file are very large, and will take up ~40Gb of space when uncompressed. After unzipping, these files are arranged in subfolder for each model:

```       
        ├── gfdl_cm3_rcp8_5_2080s_bio_30s_r1i1p1_no_tile_asc
        │   ├── bio_2.asc
        │   └── bio_3.asc
        ├── giss_e2_r_rcp8_5_2080s_bio_30s_r1i1p1_no_tile_asc
        │   ├── bio_2.asc
        │   └── bio_3.asc
        ├── ipsl_cm5a_lr_rcp8_5_2080s_bio_30s_r1i1p1_no_tile_asc
        │   ├── bio_2.asc
        │   └── bio_3.asc
        ├── mri_cgcm3_rcp8_5_2080s_bio_30s_r1i1p1_no_tile_asc
        │   ├── bio_2.asc
        │   └── bio_3.asc
        └── ncar_ccsm4_rcp8_5_2080s_bio_30s_r1i1p1_no_tile_asc
            ├── bio_2.asc
            └── bio_3.asc
```

 