This folder contains results files from the various analyses. Some results files are too large to be tracked by Git. 

* `conservation/`- Results on distribution of color by conservation categories, generated by `src/conservation_by_pheno.R`.

* `enmeval/`- Contains SDM results from the ENMeval R package. Some files (.csv files of model metrics, .pdf plots of model performance) are Git tracked. .Rdata files of ENMeval objects are not Git tracked, as they are too large. Results files in this folder are generated by `src/run_ENMeval.R` and `src/process_ENMeval_results.R`. 

* `figures/`- Contains figures in .pdf, .png, and .jpeg formats. Only code-generated figures are Git tracked. Final figures for publication were combined and edited with Adobe Illustrator, those files are not Git tracked. Also includes a subfolder of supplemental figures. Files in this folder are generated by `src/figure_1_maps.R`, `src/figure_4_elements.R`, and `src/supp_figs_and_tables.R`. 

* `pheno/`- Contains results on distribution of predicted winter white phenotypes across the WTJR range. .csv files and .Rdata are Git tracked, as are some raster maps of predicted phenotype. Other rasters are too large to be Git tracked. Results files in this folder are generated by `src/predict_current_pheno.R`, `src/predict_future_pheno.R`, and `src/figure_4_elements.R`.

* `sdm/`- This folder is not Git tracked, as the files it contains (raster files of the SDM-based range map) are too large. These files are generated by `src/sdm_from_best_mod.R`. 

* `slim_ind_sims/`-

* `slim_summaries/`- 

* `slim_Ve_calc/`- 